Get active events (#3765)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/docs/09-03-event-service.md

---

> See [this file](./assets/eventsapi.yaml) for the Event Service API specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I would add it in a different place - pls see further comments for details.

> ###Fetching all active events for the application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Fetching all subscribed events for the application
```

> ### Fetching all subscribed events for the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Event service provides enpoint for fetching all active events for the application. To do so, make a call:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Event service provides an endpoint for fetching subscribed events for the application. To do so, make a call:
```

> Event service provides an endpoint for fetching subscribed events for the application. To do so, make a call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Event Service provides an endpoint for fetching subscribed events for the application. To fetch all of them, make a call:
```

```
curl https://gateway.{CLUSTER_DOMAIN}/{APP_NAME}/v1/events/subscribed -k --cert {APP_CERT} --key {APP_CERTS_KEY}
```

> To get all events locally, provide the NodePort of the `application-connector-ingress-nginx-ingress-controller`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get all events locally, provide the NodePort of `application-connector-ingress-nginx-ingress-controller`.
```

                  
To get the NodePort, run this command:
                  
 ```
 kubectl -n kyma-system get svc application-connector-ingress-nginx-ingress-controller -o 'jsonpath={.spec.ports[?(@.port==443)].nodePort}'
 ```
 

>  The next step is to run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To fetch the Events, run this command:
```

 ```
 curl https://gateway.kyma.local:{NODE_PORT}/{APP_NAME}/v1/events/subscribed -k --cert {APP_CERT} --key {APP_CERTS_KEY}
 ```
 

>  Succesfull call will return a list of all active events for the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 The successful call will return a list of subscribed events for the application.
```

>  Succesfull call will return a list of all active events for the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The successful call returns a list of all active Events for the application.
 
>**TIP:** For details on the Event Service API specification, see [this file](./assets/eventsapi.yaml).
```
